Huangsheng
Please put in a jade pendant.
Please don't get married
As for such an unbearable forbidden area
So disappointed.
It's come to this.
Do you remember that it was my fault?
Of course if it weren't for you
Our family can be ashamed
my master
Fanxing and I can also let you meet the countryside now
What did you say Longjingtian
There's a limit to bragging.
Gan Cai Long Guard
Look at you working under Long Shuai
Give you face
Promise to cancel the appointed time
Now because of your words
Promise to meet again
Hum Longjing Tian
What you said is true.
Grandma, do you really believe him?
Shut up if you don't live up to your expectations
As for pinning my hopes on an outer door
On you? Of course
As long as the master can let these people
Apologize to my fiancee and Yueyue
I will naturally give you another chance.
Don't despise his grandmother.
Lu Shuai just cancelled the cooperation.
How could it be because of his words?
What about re-enabling cooperation?
Yes, Grandma.
He just wants to lie to us and apologize to Ye Fangxin.